So let's conclude the section right.
So first of all we used it to Colonel and without a drop out and we saw that the accuracy reached nine
on point nine five.
However the test accuracy reached point nine one one OK.
The next step is we ran a 64 kernel without a dropout.
So we found that the accuracy was during training was Point 9 6.
However the test accuracy was Point 9 1 6 to improve the accuracy of the test accuracy a little bit.
We improved obviously the Cheney accuracy a little bit but with 9:06 but we improve the accuracy a little
bit which is what we care about.
Essentially essentially we care about the testing values of testing accuracy a lot more than the training.
OK.
The next step is we ran 64 kernel with dropout.
So you will find that the model that training has been dropped a little bit over the test accuracy has
been increased.
Okay two point nine one nine.
All right.
OK.
And as you can see here we have this kind of a prediction class and this is a true class.
So again in summary we saw that pretty much most of them have been classified correctly except this
one with the prediction class was two and the class was six.
All right.
OK so what we could do that we can we can take this very simple case study and actually expand it moving
forward to add kind of more advanced features so we can add for instance color textures tile.
We can look at more advanced kind of images and here I just kind of checked to.
I want you to check out these two resources.
One of them is what we call a deep fashion dataset.
Let's go there and see.
So this is kind of kind of a large scale fashion depression database that has way more images than our
fashion Emin's data.
So it has about eight hundred thousand diverse images and you can see here it's more it's more like
it has more rich information so it has more of the texture for it.
For instance has more of the fabric has more of the shape of the style and that's what you could do
to build an advanced for example applications and advanced features within your within your model.
OK that's again you guys can take a look.
Take a look at this data.
Obviously you would need to look kind of a step up our game a little bit.
But again here I gave you an idea of how can we build a conclusion in the network that can be used to
classify just simply take classes using grayscale images.
All right.
The next next point that I wanted you or an X website they wanted to check out is if you go to Wii U
E that I and you guys can see here this is kind of an innovative solution of AI into fashion.
OK you guys can see here you can simply upload your images and it can tell you for instance what the
style is.
It can tell you what's the lens is what.
For example the color.
OK.
And can kind of describe to you what that product is.
OK and a kind of a verbal verbal way.
It's a little bit more advanced obviously compared to the network that we built.
But it's pretty much pretty much the same.
Same idea having kind of deep using deep learning convolution or networks to tell you or to classify
images using a little bit more features compared to what we have.
OK.
Again you guys can check the websites very very interesting and that's pretty much all what I have for
this case study.
I hope you guys enjoyed it and see you in the next case study.